08-13 - Seoul - PyConAPAC 
13, 14th August 2016
Seoul COEX Grand Ballroom
https://www.pycon.kr/2016apac/

Summary / overview of event.
ES Show Presence:
Booth? yes
Branding? yes
Speaking? no
Pictures : This pictures is only up floor area of Bronze sponsors. There are more areas but I didn't have time to visit there.

Leads: 
Cold Leads (just a list – did not visit our booth) : 2,000 attendees
Medium (came to booth, we scanned them) : 100. We didnt have lead scanner. Mostly attended twitter-hashtag event.
HOT (they want a meeting) 5
Total Number of leads:
Sample list of companies that visited our booth.



Existing Customer and opps: POSCO ICT (candidate), Samsung SDS
Competitors in attendance? Splunk, AWS.
Partners in attendance? Wizcore
Discussions at the Booth: Any trends
About J didn't heard about Elasticsearch. (I was surprised). Thought we were company that servicing AWS Elastic instance.
AWS Organizer thanked us for sponsoring and told many registers asked a booth for new tech company like us.
I (Jong Min Kim) was alone on the booth first. Jimmy Moon, my friend of Basis came to help me on the afternoon.
Didn't have lead scanner, so I made google drive form and asked visitors to register. Gave T-Shirt who registered.
Many people recognized me because of my webinar and blog post. And the interview I did.
FAQs: (other than introducing Elastic Stack and X-Pack, Cloud)
What is the difference with AWS Elastic instance? - We service SW and it is opensource. You can embed ES in your own product and deploy it. AWS did so.
Do we have ES office in Korea and can have Tech Support? - Yes. We are in process of setting business.
(to Jong Min Kim personal Q) How did you join Elastic? - there is story on my blog. http://kimjmin.net/2015/06/elastic-mv/
Are you doing SI? (custom develop) - no, we don't do SI.
(from Proffessor) Is it worth product for college students to study? - absolutely
Whats is the difference from Logstash and Beats ? - Beats is light data shipper can be installed in remote device.
(looking Seoul Metro Demo) How can I make this cool Kibana Dashboard? - There is blog post and webinar of building this dashboard. - https://www.elastic.co/kr/blog/seoul-metro-2014
Future attendance?
Yes:
If we do go back, how could we improve our presence?
need lead scanner or mobile app for registration.
ES Crew: Jong Min Kim
 

